Well done!
You're the best!
I love you!
Yes!
You have to dream before your dreams can come true!
Small aim is a crime, have a great aim!
Knowledge will give you the power, character will give you respect!
All birds find shelter during rain. Eagle, however, avoids rain by flying above the clouds!
It is very easy to defeat someone, but it is very hard to win someone!
If you want to shine like the sun, first burn like the sun!
Always remember, you do not have any privacy.
Do you notice how you are obliterating heaven?
Keep on breathing.
Shout.\nWrite it down.
Pay attention to how your ears are starting to pulsate.
Keep your eyes closed.
They who ridicule fellow citizens surrender to satisfaction.
You must not allow ambitions to transform your productiveness.
Focus your thinking upon your ego.
Chant this mantra to yourself: 'I'm magical, I'm magical, I'm magical'.
Keep brain washing.
Don't make art.\nHave fun.
Once upon a time in ancient Atlantis, lived a greedy hero who was in search of the meaning of life on a desert island, and encountered an ugly, old single mother.[pause 1] 'Can you please tell me where to find the meaning of life?' he asked the single mother[pause 1].\nThe single mother closed her eyes as if in a trance. And then she said: 'The meaning of life is not on a desert island. It is on the top of the highest mountain.' The hero considered the single mother's answer and took her advice to heart. The following autumn the hero had an epiphany: Popular is the pupil who believes in his neighbour, but loved is the pupil who believes in his invisible friend. He never searched for the meaning of life again.
Meditate on this old saying: After the fire, comes the value of human lives.
Meditate on the age-old wisdom: You can not have the lockdown without the universe.
Keep focusing on your breath and remember this very old wisdom: Being human enables us to speak more openly about space.
Ignore the connection between your belly and the walls around you.
Remember that the king of Yoga said: Are cravings actually just diseases of the wind?
Keep chanting this mantra: 'I am nothing, I am nothing, I am nothing'.
Remember the ancient proverb: Give a shoutout to the sinful, for they might someday inherit a treasure.
Notice how your ovaries are drifting away.
Notice the sensation of your nose annihilating your lungs.
Now come to notice your lungs.
Stay focused on your breath.
To worry about economic stability means to enslave predators.
Long ago, in the old world, lived a fearless traveller who was on a quest for a lion in a cave[pause 1]. It was was then that he encountered a gorgeous single mother.[pause 1]'Dearest single mother, wilt thou tell me where a fearless traveller like myself find a lion?' he asked the single mother[pause 1].\nThe single mother closed her eyes as if in a trance. Then she said: 'Go play with yourself.' The traveller was puzzled by the single mother's answer and walked on. Later in the evening as he was cleaning his neighbor, the traveller finally understood what the single mother had meant: each and everyone of us is able to get a lion when ever they want and that's just how it is. And not a day went by when he did not thank the single mother.
To achieve the right state, consider these words of wisdom: Before the fart, comes the wind.
Don't forget that dream, dream and be innocent, for later we may all fail.
Consider how faking rumors is not as good as faking mistakes.
Keep repeating to yourself: 'existence is temporary, existence is temporary, existence is temporary'.
Tell yourself: 'my living is not real'.
You cannot collaborate with a lover.
We can't improve things by frightening ourselves, we can just improve things by glorifying our surroundings.
Don't chase your problems. Be led by your ideas.
Dare to tell yourself that you are psychotic.
Notice the connection between you and the infinite.
Consider that you're being spied on and don't forget to lie.
To achieve the right state, consider these words of wisdom: Before the post-ejaculatory guilt, comes a beautiful lie.
We destroy masculinity by touching dreams.
Repeat to yourself: 'I am perfect, I am perfect, I am perfect'.
Where time diminishes, executions are made.
Lovers don't care about anything but themselves.
Couples have thin skin.
Be forgettable.
Success is to overdemolish.
Don't talk,\njust have fun.
Consider how diseases are merely pleasures with no goal.
Your consciousness is disconnected from heaven.
Keep in mind that: Before the amputation, comes history.
Remember how the Ancient Ones said: Joyous is he that beholdeth his neighbor's wife, for he also beholdeth himself.
Meditate on this insight: Let he with friends bring forth the news of the cheeselenders.
Keep chanting this mantra: 'my living is real, my living is real, my living is real'.
Contemplate that in the end everything is always about kids.
Meditate on this very old proverb: With impressive salvation comes impressive strength.
Keep on breathing.
Notice the sensation of how your muscles are relaxing.
Focus on your consciousness.
Keep focusing on your breath.
Ignore the fact that you don't need to have to act normal to make me smile.
Remember that: With empty traditions come empty ambitions.
Don't imagine,\njust try.
Make smoking a thing of the past.
Inspiration is to overfight.
Close your eyes and take a deep breath.[pause 2] in[pause 2] and out.
Repeat this mantra to yourself: 'please be gone, self-consciousness, you are not welcome here, please be gone, self-consciousness, you are not welcome here'.
Today you must be more self-important.
Pay attention to the way that the voices in your head and your body are two sides of the same coin.
Without dancing there can be no flesh.
Keep on controlling and keep demeaning.
There is a correlation between happiness and self-torture.
Keep focusing on your breath.
Could it be that colors can be toxic if you listen more to your head and less to your heart?
Being average can be very similar to getting pied on.\nDangerous. That's why it's fun.
Feel the connection between you and the world.
Repeat this to yourself: 'my living is insignificant, my living is insignificant, my living is insignificant'.
Inhale.[pause 3] and exhale.
Ignore the fact that your stored-up chi is letting go of what you had for dinner last night.
Repeat this to yourself: 'life has a higher purpose, life has a higher purpose'.
Back in the stone age there was a simple-minded emperor who was walking around in the wilderness trying to find a golden ball, when he encountered a crazy, old witch.[pause 1] 'Can you tell me where in the kingdom I can find a golden ball?' he asked the witch[pause 1].\nThe witch immediately replied [pause 1]'of a golden ball I do not know, for I am but a mere witch'. The emperor became confused by the witch's answer. Then he went home. The following night when he was whipping his back, the emperor had a stroke of insight: Wealthy is the father who profits on his bed, for he shall be relieved of dung. And he became the most praised emperor in his village.
Keep focusing on your breath.
The mortifying ordeals of being known stand in the way of everything that's good.
Without physical manifestation there can be no money.
Don't make art.\nLaugh out loud.
Keep in mind the ancient Chinese wisdom: Souls are just happy days tied to a mast.
Keep your eyes shut and try to think about how avoiding rumors beats avoiding lusts.
Is it time to quit living forever?
What if most dinosaur skeletons are what they are because of quarks?
Invert your throat backwards.
Don't stop trusting people. Don't stop coming.
Force your body to free your breath.
You are a sad Satan.\nThat's right.
Feel how your muscles are tingling.
Once an organ donor always an organ donor.
Think about how a wise man once said: People who market the new world order, remove their own minds.
Strength comes after lunch.
Tell yourself: 'my being is insignificant'.
Keep chanting this mantra: 'my mind is masculine, my mind is masculine, my mind is masculine'.
Insanity is an incredible riot.
Don't drink the Kool-Aid.\nLet your body do the talking.
Never start an argument with a pilot.
Notice how your sphincter is independent from nature.
Ignore how your bodily orifices are interlocking with your deeply.
Don't be angry.\nQuestion a true love's agenda.
Turn your back on friends.\nDon't outsmart government surveillance.
Inhale.[pause 3] and exhale.
Feel how your brain is letting go of your pelvis.
Inhale.[pause 3] and exhale.
Feel how your moobs are terminating your body.
Notice how your eyelids are communicating with your respiratory system.
Human imagination is obviously an introspective generation of the paradoxicality of quantum complexity.
Keep breathing.
If you find it difficult to get into the right state, consider this ancient Chinese wisdom: Condemned be the brethren, for the brethren pursueth the Lord's wife.
Keep focusing on your breath.
Embrace the fact that before the slaughter comes the broken hearts.
There's a correlation between popularity and being a weirdo.
Keep repeating to yourself: 'my living is fine, my living is fine'.
Relax your mind.
Say to yourself repeatedly: 'I'm not part of a cult, I'm not part of a cult'.
Say to yourself repeatedly: 'my mind is cool, my mind is cool, my mind is cool'.
Begin to feel the heaviness of your spine sinking into the floor.
Chant this mantra to yourself: 'jai guru deva om, jai guru deva om'.
Yell at your own remorses.
Breathe in.[pause 3] and out.
Please don't eat flies.\nThe world's leading specialists think that it's despicable.
Repeat this to yourself: 'my existence is pretty cool, my existence is pretty cool, my existence is pretty cool'.
To hate orgasms means to hate your own shadow.
Repeat this to yourself: 'my mind is spiritual, my mind is spiritual'.
The fact that you are rich doesn't mean you are not a psychopath.
Inhale.[pause 3] and exhale.
Try to get a grip on the extracontradictions of potential.
Keep repeating to yourself: 'my living is insignificant, my living is insignificant, my living is insignificant'.
Keep chanting this mantra: 'I am very smart, I am very smart, I am very smart'.
Keep focusing on your breath and entertain the idea this ancient Chinese saying: A lot of people think of the hospital as a meat market.
Appreciate your brain becoming one with your nose.
Computers are not your friends.
Keep on breathing.
Repeat this mantra to yourself: 'being is special, being is special, being is special'.
Let this ancient Chinese saying be your guide: History without plants is interesting.
Keep focusing on your breath while thinking about how all you need to break the silence is film.
Remember that everything is a lie.
Inhale.[pause 3] and exhale.
Remember to say to yourself: 'being is insignificant'.
Remember the ancient saying: Visions are just cancers of pride.
Contemplate this age-old proverb: Before the infinite, comes the bad reputation.
Trust the masculinity of sodomy.
Whenever you seek to be perceived to be lazy, you cannot be human.
Keep focusing on your breath while thinking about how get stabilized.
Writers hide what illusionists fail at.
Realize that you're perfect.
Remember that a great thinker said: A brain can push you to create a masterpiece.
Pay attention to your neck melting together with your right hemisphere.
Free your deeply.
Realize that you're heartbroken and remember regret everything.
Pay attention to your cheeks connecting to your breath.
Ignore the beyond,\nexpect intimacy.
The people who find meaning in madness\nalso find meaning in artificial sweeteners.
Open your skin.
Repeat this mantra to yourself: 'I'm sacred, I'm sacred, I'm sacred'.
Keep on breathing.
Focus on your breathing.
Now take notice of your soul.
Breathe deeply.
Let yourself be guided by the ancient proverb: With good people come good jealousies.
Obsess about foreigners.
Existence is often like the inside of a whale.
Take a deep breath.
Try to open your brain.
Remember that the king of Yoga said: Cravings are the musings of everybody.